---
title: 27th May 2014 &emsp; Ramsey versus Oliver
---
<img class="medium-img" src="/img/ramsey-versus-oliver.jpg" />

An Atlantic crossing requires a very healthy well-balanced diet which our
Skipper has taken upon himself to deliver each day it is his turn to feed the
crew.  He has managed to reduce the fifteen minute recipes created by the UK's
acclaimed chef Jamie Oliver, to just five minutes recipes and they contain the
five essentials for a healthy ship.  The First mate on the other hand, a
perfectionist in the galley was looking for gourmet standards, subtle, picante
flavours served with finesse and decorated to high standards.  Like Gordon
Ramsey he used descriptive language to support his efforts and maintain
discipline in the galley.  Stock control is also his area of expertise and he
has implemented a finally tuned system that thwarts the Skippers night-time
raids to the refrigerator.  For example, last night the ration was one Snickers
bar, one fun size and one can of Ting each.  Still the Skipper managed to
smuggle an extra can of Ting that so far has remained un-noticed.  Although
Skip did confirm that if caught, he is quite prepared to tell the First Mate
"to shove it up his nose" but did also reveal how impressed he was with
Curtis-Ramsey's fine dining cuisine.  Fillet steak, Chinese style stir fry with
pak-choy, tuna melts to name but a few.

Skipper on the other hand, was not going to be out cooked by Curtis-Ramsey, in
just five minutes he managed to provide us with a balanced Italian banquet
containing all five of the days essentials, a pasta extravaganza to delight the
taste buds penne, ravioli, spaghetti and meatballs, alphabet spaghetti and a
small portion of macaroni in one serving. Bellissimo!

The Scare-Pirate however, was too busy warding off marauding pirates to care
what went on in the galley.
