---
title: 16th May 2014 &emsp; The Blue Planet
---
<img class="medium-img" src="/img/blue-planet.jpg" />

Days at sea are sometimes punctuated with visits from David Attenborough's wild
friends. A turtle cruising by on the current, the day before yesterday, glanced
back at Arcarius as she headed to dee sunny Caribbean Sea and raised a flipper
to the crew. Another this morning as he floated by on The Transatlantic
Expressway greeted our skipper respectfully with the immortal lines "ooh ah
skippaaar".  Dolphins, although quite illusive at times on the trip are now
regular visitors to the boat especially in the early mornings and during the
evenings.

The Skipper has a court injunction pending with the Flying Fish who are
damaging the side of the boat with kamikaze  night flight missions.  Worryingly
there seems to be no age limit to the fish seconnded into their squadrons.
Babies, barely able to fly have been found for dead on the fore decks.

Skipper appears to be taking his interests in wildlife a little too seriously
and has let it affect his usually faultless helming.  This left the chef of the
day, who was mid creation with a tin of condensed Campbell's soup in the
galley, dealing with the the aftermath of a tsunami caused by skippers
momentary lapse of concentration.  He steered the bow of Arcarius into the
depths of particularly large wave that sent its contents through the galley
port hole causing chaos for the first mate.  Fishing has become our Skippers
pass time whilst on watch. Today's choice of a feathered lure immediately
attracted the attention of some of our other fine feathered friends who turned
out to be fully fledged members of the Blue Footed Booby Canoe Club. (cic they
looked like gulls to us)
