---
title: 9th May 2014 &emsp; Fish Day Friday
---
<img class="medium-img" src="/img/fish-day-friday.jpg" />

Skipper and crew awake to find Scarepirate deeply lost in the smugglers antics
of Jamaica Inn. First mate ruins the moment, by blocking out the suns rays with
the sails and the Skipper wearing his little French number, a trendy T Shirt,
lit a cigarette to help him solve the daily conundrum north or south?  Problem
solved by the morning visit from the dolphins who lead the way from the bow.
Straight on, East.

Late afternoon siesta was rudely interrupted by the sound of the screeching
reel.  At last, for the first time this trip, First Mate was in action. Rod in
hand, reel locked, rod bent!  Skipper had to run to his aid, this was a
whopper!  First mate started to reel it in but it was so heavy skip had to
assist and lift the rod to allow some slack line for reeling.  Despite the
attention of the on board paparazzi, the mighty fish with Herculean effort was
landed one hour later.  A fine specimen, the vivid, Chinese blue  colour
denoted the species to be a Blue Fin Tuna, 38 inches long and built for speed
means tuna is on the menu for every meal for the rest of the trip!  The biggest
catch in Arcarius fishing history.

A lesson learned however, take down the chute before landing the fish!!!!
Minutes later Skip was out of his Captain Birds Eye head and into his Bosuns
chair and with the agility of a Ververt monkey was swinging from the top of the
mast, mid-Atlantic, singing the Arcarius theme tune "I've had an absolute
Sheila of a day" whilst unfurling the chute that had wrapped around the
forestay.

The tuna marathon begins..........
