---
title: 5th June 2014 &emsp; Hells Angels
---
<img class="medium-img" src="/img/hells-angels.jpg" />

ARC coach trip missed, so now our only hope of seeing the Island's Caldiera is
with the help of 3 scooters!  We cling on and turn the accelerator staking out
our "Arcarius Chapter." The Scare-Pirate determined to burn tyres and graze
knees!!!!!  The First Mate lead the Angels, exhausts firing through the quiet
hamlets and beautiful countryside of Fiail.   The Atlantic vista often
presenting itself as we head up to the Caldiera stopping occasionally to record
the view points photographically and to adjust the oversized, ill fitting
helmets that obliterated the view of the road.   This precarious form of
transport however, proved very successful and we managed to catch the ARC group
and arrive in time catch the view and make perfect images of the outstanding
scenery before us.

The Skipper, in his usual cool manner, cigarette in hand, gets back in the
saddle, but his scooter won't start.  He wheels it over to the first-mate, who
notices that trying to press the starter button, hold the brake and a cigarette
prevents him from also turning the throttle.  A third hand from first-mate
fires him into action and we are off!  The boys decide a change of route home
is required and opt for the off-road, "black, downhill, run" back to the
marina. Really boys?  The road hairpins down from the summit leaving the
comfort of Tarmac behind, replacing it with red soil, pot holes and undulating
moguls!  Where are the comforting storms of the Atlantic?  At least then death
by drowning is 5 minutes.

Undeterred, the boys shoot off, happily, not realising that they are riding
scooters and not trial bikes, dust flies and they can't resist the opportunity
to compete for the best, out of control, back wheel skid.  Although they say
they were in control, do we believe them girls?  The First-Mate suddenly
realised, with a huge wave of satisfaction that the irritating, waste of oxygen
with whom he had spent the last 5 weeks sailing had, at last, been lost.  With
no one left on board to dominate and bully, he reluctantly turned the bike
around making sure that if she had been fatally injured, enough time had passed
to ensure there'd been no chance of reviving her.  The Skipper also gave the
rescue some thought but reached the conclusion that he'd be better off without
either of them.

To the distress of the crew the Scare-Pirate arrived appearing round the
corner, speedway style riding without any control at a breath-taking 5 miles
per hour, every orofice choked with red dust, knuckles white and clutching
desperately to the handlebars, legs searching for anything that remotely
suggested balance but loving every minute of it.

Only 10 mins left to return the bikes and still have time to attend the ARC
presentation evening, the trio raced back to the marina
