---
title: 1st June 2014 &emsp; Ocean Emotion or Acarius Whale Watching Tours
---
<img class="medium-img" src="/img/ocean-emotion.jpg" />

The diminutive silhouette of Fiail formed against a backdrop of the rising
morning sun, shrinking by the minute as we headed away from the Island.  Our
view was replaced by an exciting selection of waterfalls, volcanic rock created
landscapes and a plethora of different sea life. We were on our way to
Terceria.

Two hours before, the First Mate having only had one hour of sleep as a result
of a particularly lively celebration at the famous Pete's sports bar, a
provider of Ale to the Atlantic sailor since 1918 and experts they are too.
Members of the fleet who visited the bar were very quiet the next morning and
sales of paracetamol peaked on the Island.  Skipper and the Scare-Pirate had 3
hours sleep and although jaded decided they were better placed to guide
Arcarius out of harbour, especially after the Americans on the next boat kindly
provided a hot coffee at the last minute before departure to set them up for
the day.  Funny how the Americans always step in at last minute to save the
Brits.  God bless America!

Most of the the fleet were motoring to the next Island, the wind had died but
it promised to be a lovely day.  Once the First-Mate surfaced, in customary
Ramsey style he provided egg and bacon rolls with fresh tomatoes for the crew
mates.  Delicious.  The mornings progress was then interrupted by a pod of
pilot whales, Arcarius turned towards them, observing a respectful distance and
was watching their antics when a call from Webster was heard on the fleets
radio "is everything ok Arcarius, only you appear to be travelling round and
round in circles?   Or have you just let Neen have another go on the helm?"
Luckily Neen was asleep, note to self, throw crew of Webster into harbour, next
available chance.  Bloody Treacle
Miners!!!!!

We sailed on, in the distance whales could still be seen.  Their trade mark,
blows scattered on the horizon, then Mark Attenborough Curtis sighted Fin
Whales nearer, we sailed towards them. This time there must have been at least
5 quite close to the boat. Excitement on Arcarius mounted as they swam nearer.
Skipper Attenborough was beside himself, the Scare-Pirate was worried his
camera would over heat!  And still the whales came nearer, gigantic and closing
in.  Charlie, the skipper of Webster would have had the life raft out by now.
Then from under the bow a black mass surfaced, blew and then rounded up 3 more
Fin Whales to show them Arcarius. He kept them a little further away but still
close enough to follow us along the beam and allow us the privilege of a whale
escort.  WOW!!  We still arrived at the next Island in time to enjoy a
Portuguese steak meal with the crew of Webster.  Food was cooked at the table
and a glass of Portuguese red wine washed it down. Yummy. Then to round a
perfect day, in true Brit style we enjoyed a night cap together, gin and tonics
overlooking the marina.  Cheers to all our loyal followers in the UK!!!!!
