---
title: 26th May 2014 &emsp; Whale of a Day
---
<img class="medium-img" src="/img/whale-of-a-day.jpg" />

We forgot to mention in previous blogs that we are privileged to have David
Curtis-Attenborough as our First-Mate.  His keen beery eyes, if not quiet
persona and selective hearing meant he did not miss the familiar sign of a
spout of water that indicates the presence of a whale.  Arcarius with the
Skipper at the helm assumed the role of a highly trained hound seeking out the
whales from a respectful distance.   The spouts became more visible until we
could see in the distance the mammoth bulk of the whales.  David Curtis
Attenborough and his brother Gary Cements Attenborough decided after some
deliberation that they were Pilot whales.  The on board paparazzi failed to
achieve one good image of the spectacular.

Later on in the day, in the far distance we were again alerted to more whale
action.  We called for the Skipper, then to our surprise and with no respect
for Arcarius a huge iridescent, azure blue whale came to visit Arcarius.  He
admired her brilliant white fore-deck, deep black hull and three human
barnacles standing, ore struck in her cockpit.  As he passed by he saluted, by
way of an appreciative blow.

Still the "pap" missed the moment!

Then in the early evening the pantomime continued with a spectacular
performance from Captain Nemo's dolphins. Some 30 or more arrived for a matinee
showing of cajoling, racing, diving and breaching dolphins.  The Scare-Pirate
thought they were coffee and cream in colouring, the Attenborough brothers
confirmed she was colour blind.  Perhaps just a clear case of Costa Coffee
deprivation. The dolphins entertained us for about an hour before they moved
off in time for their evening performance at another lucky vessel.

The on board "pap" at last managed a photo.
