---
title: 15th June 2014 &emsp; Seems like "A load of old BULL to us!"
---
<img class="medium-img" src="/img/bull.jpg" />

Bull running? Yes an interesting pass-time that the Portuguese have
traditionally embraced for hundreds of years.  Not sure who decided it was a
good idea or why.  Six, incidentally girls, gorgeous white shirted toreadors, I
presume that's what they are called, grip a long rope with a bull tethered at
the end.  Half way along this restraint are three more toreadors, also
extremely handsome in white shirts.  Not sure they are chosen for their bull
taming skills.  The idea is that the toreadors run a bull through the public
streets but must prevent the bull from crossing the white"safe line" 500 meters
ahead.  A number of civilian dressed, professional bull tormentors are also
placed in the street, their role, to antagonise the bull with red umbrellas
until he is ready to gore anyone stupid enough to step in his path.  At this
stage of the game with only one inevitable ending the general public are
invited to run through the streets dodging the angry bull if they can!!!!!  Not
sure it will catch on in Surrey.

Although we were convinced this strange Portuguese tradition was something the
RSPCA would not endorse, we felt as visitors to the country we should at least
taste their culture before we criticise it.

Most of the fleet were piled into taxes and driven to the beautiful, colourful,
old street where this spectacle was about to commence.  We took our safe
positions on a high wall at the side of the road.  Cameras were poised and set
up and the team were in a safe position to watch the planned carnage unfold in
front of us.  The gun sounded to denote the release of the first bull, young
men start running through the street.  Yes they really do it.  Loco!!!!!!!  The
angry bull charges down the street, the tormentors ensuring his fury is not
diminished. Everyone is running from the bull, the street is in chaos!
Disbelief overcomes me as one man in a smart sailing shirt "forgets" to flee
from the bull."............... The bull unceremoniously flips him over.  OMG
it's our very own Skipper.  He then retreats to attack another of his easy
prey.  Could it this time be Skipper of Webster in his red shorts or Igor,
their Slovenian acrobat, who as always does not disappoint.  He loses his
footing so too did the skipper, Charlie and both suffer superficial cuts and
bruises.  All nutters!

As for our Skipper, all he wanted was a good photograph, he did however,
costing him several scars and bruises, achieve both, the bull advancing and
retreating.  A true professional photographer.

A not to be repeated activity........

The Arcarius crew with their patched Skipper were then treated to an evening of
entertainment from a local band, who were excellent.

After the activities of the last couple of days, we were ready for a night sail
to Saint Miguel, the first port the Skipper has visited before. The cruising
chute had been re-rolled, a team effort on the side of the pontoon, the sails,
including the gennaker were flying, although the wind did die off overnight.
First-mate was desperately looking for whales to swim amongst and Skipper
having plotted our course congratulated us on a splendid effort and announced
that as usual we were sailing exceptionally well but sadly as always, in the
wrong direction!

It was good to be at sea again.
